chore(deps): update native dependencies (#806)
capawesome-team/capacitor-firebase: .changeset/khaki-grapes-itch.md

---
'@capacitor-firebase/analytics': major
'@capacitor-firebase/app': major
'@capacitor-firebase/app-check': major
'@capacitor-firebase/authentication': major
'@capacitor-firebase/crashlytics': major
'@capacitor-firebase/firestore': major
'@capacitor-firebase/functions': major
'@capacitor-firebase/messaging': major
'@capacitor-firebase/performance': major
'@capacitor-firebase/remote-config': major
'@capacitor-firebase/storage': major
---

> chore(deps): update native dependencies for all plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chore(deps): update the Firebase SDK to the latest version
```
